Download Link: https://assignmentchef.com/product/solved-solved-quick-fast-car-care-application
<br>
Program files for each of the following programs 1. Quick Fast Car Care At the beginning of all your programs, put a comment box that includes the program name, your name, and a brief description of the program. Example: /***********************************************************************Program Name: ProgramName.javaProgrammer’s Name: Student NameProgram Description: Describe here what this program will do***********************************************************************/ How to submit your assignment: 1. The programs must have the same names as the assignment title. 2. Each Java source file (*.java) must include a corresponding class file (*.class) program as evidence of success. 3. In addition to the program source code files and byte code files, put all your program source code files and screen shots of your program output files into a Word document. 4. You must use a zipped folder to send your weekly assignment to the Dropbox. Do not send subfolders within your zipped folder. Place all of the .java and .class files for the week into the one zipped folder. The zip folder should be named CIS355A_YourLastName_iLab_Week4, and this zip folder will contain all the weekly programming assignments.Step 1: Quick Fast Car Care Application Quick Fast Car Care is a small business that specializes in oil changes and car washes. Their strategic advantage is providing quick service. To provide quick service, this owner wants a new application that will calculate services provided to customers. The table below has the services and the cost of these services. Oil Change Cost Bronze $20 Silver $25 Gold $30 Car Wash Cost